[TBAA] Emit distinct TBAA tags for pointers with different depths,types. (#76612)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- ``#pragma GCC diagnostic warning "-Wfoo"`` can now downgrade ``-Werror=foo``
  errors and certain default-to-error ``-W`` diagnostics to warnings.

- Clang now emits distinct type-based alias analysis tags for incompatible
  pointers, enabling more powerful alias analysis when accessing pointer types.

>   The new behavior can be disabledusing ``-fno-pointer-tbaa``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The new behavior can be disabled using ``-fno-pointer-tbaa``.
```

Author: Updated ,thanks!
